feat(discover-split): Update Discover, Alerts, Dashboards docs (#11101)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/explore/discover-queries/query-builder.mdx

  2. Enter a new display name
  3. Click "Save"

> There are five main building blocks that impact the results of your saved query. You can use a combination of these to narrow down your search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are five main building blocks that impact the results of your saved query, a combination of which can be used to narrow down your search.
```

> There are five main building blocks that impact the results of your saved query, a combination of which can be used to narrow down your search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are five main building blocks that impact the results of your saved query, a combination of which can be used to narrow down your search:
```

> 1. Dataset selection
> 2. Project, environment, and date range filters
> 3. Search Conditions
> 4. Interactive Graph
> 5. Table Columns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Dataset selection
2. Project, environment, and date range filters
3. Search conditions
4. Interactive graph
5. Table columns
```
